README.md, before:

﻿<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/assets/120108968/46107ea0-7288-4485-a4d5-b0dae147fe89" width='600'>
</p>

# TriwebAPI Internship Repository

Welcome to my TriwebAPI Internship repository! This repository contains the code and resources I worked on during my 3-month MERN stack internship. Here, you will find folders for various technologies and languages used in the project.

## Tools You'll Need

Before diving in, make sure you have these essential tools installed:

[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://git-scm.com/downloads) Get your copy of Git to start version controlling. 

 [![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)](https://code.visualstudio.com/) The ultimate coding companion.

## Enabling GitHub Collaboration: A Quick Guide

1. **Clone the Repository:** You can clone it to your local environment using the following command:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning.git

2. **Create a New Branch:** Contributors create a new branch in their fork to work on a specific feature or bug fix. 
   ```bash
   git checkout -b <branch_name>

3. **Make Changes and Commit:**
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Description of changes"
   git push origin <branch_name>

## Tools and Techs

![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white) 
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)

## Project Overview

This internship focused on developing web applications and services using a variety of technologies. The repository is organized into the following folders:

* [**HTML**](https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/blob/06ca389afb93f1e5e85d933d9e20d0d392bde3b8/HTML/Form/README.md): Here, you'll find HTML files that define the structure of web pages.

* [**CSS**](https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/blob/main/CSS/README.md): This folder contains stylesheets used to style the web pages.

* [**JavaScript**](https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/blob/06ca389afb93f1e5e85d933d9e20d0d392bde3b8/JavaScript/README.md): Core concepts of JavaScript that doesn't fit into the ES6 category.

* [**Project**](https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/blob/06ca389afb93f1e5e85d933d9e20d0d392bde3b8/Project/README.md):
     - **HTML-CSS-JS-Project**: Project containing the files and resources necessary to create a user registration form using HTML, CSS for styling, and JavaScript for functionality.
     - **BasicJSProject**: Project that utilizes HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to move a text element from one container to another based on the color selected by the user. 

* [**MySQL**](https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/blob/06ca389afb93f1e5e85d933d9e20d0d392bde3b8/MySQL/README.md): Fundamental concepts of MySQL and demonstrate how to execute basic database operations (Create, Read, Update, Delete).

* [**ES6**](https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/blob/06ca389afb93f1e5e85d933d9e20d0d392bde3b8/ES6/README.md): This folder contains JavaScript code written in ECMAScript 2015 (ES6) for modern web development.

* **NodeJS**: Use of Express framework to develop a basic application. This application will serve as a simple calculator that accepts input in JSON format, performs operations like addition, subtraction, multiplication, or division based on the requested URLs, and provides the resulting output.

## 🔗 Connect with me:

[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/niveditakaur/)

[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/NiveditaKaur)

[![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-%23FFA116.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=leetcode&logoColor=white)](https://leetcode.com/niveditakaurr/)

## References:

### Tutor: Sayed Azhar Sabri

###### [![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/@codebyheart )

###### [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/sayedazharsabri)

###### [![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sayedazharsabri/)

Commit message:

Updated links , section and badges in main README

README.md, after:

﻿<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/assets/120108968/46107ea0-7288-4485-a4d5-b0dae147fe89" width='600'>
</p>

# TriwebAPI Internship Repository

Welcome to my TriwebAPI Internship repository! This repository contains the code and resources I worked on during my 3-month MERN stack internship. Here, you will find folders for various technologies and languages used in the project.

## Tools You'll Need

Before diving in, make sure you have these essential tools installed:

[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://git-scm.com/downloads) Get your copy of Git to start version controlling. 

 [![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)](https://code.visualstudio.com/) The ultimate coding companion.

## Enabling GitHub Collaboration: A Quick Guide

1. **Clone the Repository:** You can clone it to your local environment using the following command:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning.git

2. **Create a New Branch:** Contributors create a new branch in their fork to work on a specific feature or bug fix. 
   ```bash
   git checkout -b <branch_name>

3. **Make Changes and Commit:**
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Description of changes"
   git push origin <branch_name>

## Tools and Techs

![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white) 
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/express-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/postman-%23FF6C37.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/mongodb-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)

## Project Overview

This internship focused on developing web applications and services using a variety of technologies. The repository is organized into the following folders:

* [**HTML**](https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/blob/06ca389afb93f1e5e85d933d9e20d0d392bde3b8/HTML/Form/README.md): Here, you'll find HTML files that define the structure of web pages.

* [**CSS**](https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/blob/main/CSS/README.md): This folder contains stylesheets used to style the web pages.

* [**JavaScript**](https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/blob/06ca389afb93f1e5e85d933d9e20d0d392bde3b8/JavaScript/README.md): Core concepts of JavaScript that doesn't fit into the ES6 category.

* [**Project**](https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/blob/06ca389afb93f1e5e85d933d9e20d0d392bde3b8/Project/README.md):
     - **HTML-CSS-JS-Project**: Project containing the files and resources necessary to create a user registration form using HTML, CSS for styling, and JavaScript for functionality.
     - **BasicJSProject**: Project that utilizes HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to move a text element from one container to another based on the color selected by the user. 

* [**MySQL**](https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/blob/06ca389afb93f1e5e85d933d9e20d0d392bde3b8/MySQL/README.md): Fundamental concepts of MySQL and demonstrate how to execute basic database operations (Create, Read, Update, Delete).

* [**ES6**](https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/blob/06ca389afb93f1e5e85d933d9e20d0d392bde3b8/ES6/README.md): This folder contains JavaScript code written in ECMAScript 2015 (ES6) for modern web development.

* [**NodeJS**](https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/blob/98e7657771916a1cdc45b2c8826d3022c5bf82df/NodeJS/README.md): Use of Express framework to develop a basic application. This application will serve as a simple calculator that accepts input in JSON format, performs operations like addition, subtraction, multiplication, or division based on the requested URLs, and provides the resulting output.

* [**MongoDB**](https://github.com/niveditakaur/Triweb-Learning/blob/98e7657771916a1cdc45b2c8826d3022c5bf82df/MongoDB/README.md): This section of the repository focuses on MongoDB, a NoSQL database technology used in web development.

## 🔗 Connect with me:

[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/niveditakaur/)

[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/NiveditaKaur)

[![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-%23FFA116.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=leetcode&logoColor=white)](https://leetcode.com/niveditakaurr/)

## References:

### Tutor: Sayed Azhar Sabri

###### [![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/@codebyheart )

###### [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/sayedazharsabri)

###### [![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sayedazharsabri/)
